Plotting the trajectories of particles when I start simulating thousands of them is very cumbersome, ESPECIALLY in the tens of thousands, 
where matlab begins to run the risk of crashing when attempting to plot the trajectories. To get around this, I chose to make plots of the fluxes
of particles around Europa rather than plotting the trajectories themselves. This takes more computation time to do, but visualizing is far quicker,
making this overall more fast and stable. 

I include the flux plots and also trajectory plots (only for 1 KeV) with lower amounts of particles to demonstrate that it is working. I include two versions 
of the function file, Europa_Particle_Flux.m and True_Europa_Particle_Flux.m. The latter has a change in its algorithm and also calculation of flux, but I
did not want to get rid of the original form in case I wanted to use that instead. The function works by counting how many times particles enter
gridspaces in the region around Europa, with the divergence between the two files being that the original will only count a particle entering a
box once, while the new version counts it everytime a particle enters a box, even if it has done so before. In addition, the new version of the
file takes the rate at which particles enter gridspaces per second, while the original does the rate per second and per square meter. I chose to
get rid of the unit area calculation and division in the flux calculation, but it would be easy to reimplement if necessary (coming back, I think
I am going to reimplement this). The flux plots here are done with the new version of the function.

I am also experimenting with increasing the maximum number of steps. In a high res simulation of 123,578 100 KeV particles, only 206 particles took 5000
steps or more without hitting a boundary. I was doing 10000 steps max before, I am now trying 90000, as I find all particles are done by then. What I am finding 
is particles that, while gyrating, keep going up and down on the z axis while slowing going around Europa. I am pretty sure these trajectories are the small tails 
you can see on the XZ and YZ images. I am wondering if this increase in steps is good or not for flux in particular, as only 10 particles even exceed 10000 steps, 
and the particles moving slower therefore get much more time and then contribution to flux. I suppose this is somewhat balanced out by their small number, but I 
do not know what to think. I plot the trajectories of the 8 particles out of the 13034 particles simulated who exceed 15000 steps in 
the slow particles plots. I also make flux maps comparing making the maximum number of steps 10000 and 90000. These plots are in step num testing folder.
