Here I have my initial code for modelling Io dust passing by Europa. I simulate the dust by creating a uniform grid of dust particles
up stream of Europa, setting them to have an initial velocity of 100 km/s in the x direction (EPhiO), and letting them run until they hit or pass
Europa.

The following settings are being used:

- 2025 particles in total are modelled
- no gravity. Mass is calculated from q/m, density, and volume of particles, but this should have no effect as of now as EM forces only use q/m
- particles are started at x = -3 R_E (Europa Radii), with y and z values ranging from -1.25 R_E to 1.25 R_E
- these simulations are conducted at the beginning of the synodic period of Europa, where the x/y fields are in positive directions and at their highest magnitudes
- q/m ratios used are 1000, 2000, and 5000 C/kg
- timestep is manually set to 0.01 seconds

For the attached plots, the impact position plots display the number of particles that impact each longitude/latitude combination location on the surface 
of Europa. Note that 90 degrees faces the orbital direction of Europa, and 0 degrees is towards Jupiter, meaning that most of these particles are hitting the 
"backside" or flow-facing side of Europa (this is expected!). I am considering replacing these with percentages taken via the total number of particles that impact 
Europa, but I am not sure about that yet. The starting position plots display the rates at which particles started at each starting coordinate are able to impact 
Europa. Currently, with no variance in the characteristics of particles besides their start positions, these are all just going to be 100/0 for whether they hit 
Europa or not, but this could be more interesting in the future. I also attach trajectory plots of a small subsection of simulated particles to display their 
behaviors directly, these are in the "trajectories" folder. 

I did not want to do too much yet/do this with Ganymede until I can ensure everything being done here is correct/appropriate. I recall that we could set varying
velocity angles for particles, and I think it could be interesting to experiment with varying masses (if they do anything) when enabling gravity, or to mess
around with varying starting velocity magntitudes, along with anything else I am not thinking of.

I admit that I forgot whether the dust particles should have positive or negative charges, so I have included a negative charge simulation as well. I generally notice
that the particles are only slightly pushed by the Jovian field, and their limited time next to Europa and Europa's limited induced field strength both result
in the particles not really being affected by Europa's field. I wonder if Ganymede's stronger internal field and weaker Jovian background field will change this
to some degree!
